rank: 14
weeks_on_list: 1
primary_isbn10: 1982163658
primary_isbn13: 9781982163655
publisher: Threshold Editions
description: The president of Judicial Watch gives his opinions on forces he sees as detrimental to the Trump presidency.
title: A Republic Under Assault
author: Tom Fitton
amazon_product_url: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1982163658?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2020/11/08
published_data: 2020-10-20
summary: NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER In this explosive new book, New York Times bestselling author and president of Judicial Watch Tom Fitton explains how the Radical Left and the Deep State are trying to destroy the Trump presidency. Tom Fitton’s first two New York Times bestselling books, The Corruption Chronicles and Clean House, exposed the hypocrisy and corruption of Obama’s two terms. Now, in Fitton’s latest investigative probe, he identifies the four major forces posing a continued threat to American democracy. Deep State Efforts to Destroy the Trump Presidency: How the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign paid for the fraudulent anti-Trump “Steele Dossier,” and how it was used by the Obama FBI and DOJ to dupe the FISA Court to allow it to spy on the Trump presidential campaign AND President Trump. These and more dirty secrets of Obamagate and the impeachment coup attempt are exposed. Hillary Clinton Email Scandal: How the Clinton team and senior officials at the Obama State Department conspired to cover up Hillary Clinton’s secret email system—and shocking revelations that tie the Obama White House to the cover-up! Voter Fraud: How Soros-funded groups attack states that seek to protect clean elections by challenging voter ID laws, and how the Left is cynically peddling COVID-19 crisis electoral “reforms,” such as mail-in voting, which could increase voter fraud and election chaos. And shocking numbers about dirty voting rolls across the nation! Illegal Immigration: How deadly illegal “sanctuary” policies are exploding across America, and how our nation’s sovereignty has been under assault by radical open-border advocates. Subversive Deep State collaborators with ties to the Clinton and Obama machines not only launched countless—often illegal—operations to stop and then remove Trump, but even more alarmingly, are working to transform the United States into something truly unrecognizable to all who believe in liberty and the rule of law. Today one of their main targets is President Donald J. Trump. Tomorrow it could be you and anyone who believes in the US Constitution, believes the United States must have clearly defined and protected borders, believes in the need for a strong military, believes in the value of hard work and faith, and believes in the rule of law and American exceptionalism.
author_new0: Tom Fitton
