rank: 15
weeks_on_list: 1
primary_isbn10: 1982122242
primary_isbn13: 9781982122249
publisher: Gallery
description: The Grammy Award-winner discusses her success in music and movies, and how she contended with recurrent breast cancer.
title: Don'T Stop Believin'
author: Olivia Newton-John
amazon_product_url: https://www.amazon.com/Dont-Stop-Believin-Olivia-Newton-John/dp/1982122242?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2019/03/31
published_data: 2019-03-12
summary: NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER! With candor, humor, and warmth, legendary musician, actress, activist, and icon Olivia Newton-John reveals her life story—from her unforgettable rise to fame in the classic musical Grease to her passionate advocacy for health and wellness in light of her battles with cancer. Perfect for fans of Tina Turner’s My Love Story and Sally Field’s In Pieces, this international bestseller is an extraordinary can’t-miss memoir. For more than five decades, Olivia Newton-John has been one of our most successful and adored entertainers. A four-time Grammy Award winner, she is one of the world’s bestselling recording artists of all time, with more than 100 million albums sold. Her starring roles in the iconic movies Grease and Xanadu catapulted her into super-stardom. Her appeal as a performer is timeless. In addition to her music and screen successes, Olivia is perhaps best known for her strength, courage, and grace. After her own personal journeys with cancer, she has thrived and become an inspiration for millions around the world. A tireless advocate for countless charities, her true passion is as the founding champion of the Olivia Newton-John Cancer Wellness & Research Centre in her hometown of Melbourne, Australia. Olivia has always radiated joy, hope, and compassion—determined to be a force for good in the world. Now she is sharing her journey, from Melbourne schoolgirl to international superstar, in this deeply personal book. Warm, candid, and moving, Don’t Stop Believin' is Olivia Newton-John's story in her own words for the very first time.
author_new0: Olivia Newton-John
