rank: 13
weeks_on_list: 1
primary_isbn10: 1621574903
primary_isbn13: 9781621574903
publisher: Regnery
description: The investigation that led to the conviction for murder of Dr. Kermit Gosnell, a doctor who ran a grisly Philadelphia abortion clinic.
title: Gosnell
author: Ann McElhinney and Phelim McAleer
amazon_product_url: https://www.amazon.com/Gosnell-Untold-Americas-Prolific-Serial-ebook/dp/B01EEQ9D0I?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2017/02/12
published_date: 2017-01-24
summary: NOW A MAJOR MOTION PICTURE OPENING IN THEATERS EVERYWHERE “This book is a public service.” — MICHELLE MALKIN, founder of Twitchy and author of Culture of Corruption “Every American needs to read Gosnell.” — DAVID DALEIDEN, the Center for American Progress reporter behind the undercover investigation of Planned Parenthood "Ann and Phelim courageously tell the heart wrenching, shocking story previously ignored, one that every American needs to read." — KATIE PAVLICH, Townhall Editor and Fox News Contributor. He is America’s most prolific serial killer. And yet Kermit Gosnell was no obvious criminal. Through desperate attempts to cover up the truth, the mainstream media revealed exactly how important Kermit Gosnell’s story is. National best seller Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer is a book that rocked America – and now it is a major motion picture! Masquerading as a doctor and an advocate for women’s reproductive health, Kermit Gosnell was purposefully ignored for years. Gosnell reveals that inside his filthy clinic, Gosnell murdered born-alive infants, butchered women, and made a chilling collection of baby feet. Meanwhile, pro-choice politicians kept health inspectors far away. Only when tenacious undercover detective Jim Wood followed a narcotics investigation straight into the clinic did Gosnell’s reign of horror finally come to an end…and the fight for justice begin. Written by investigative journalists Ann McElhinney and Phelim McAleer, this gripping story premiers October 12 as a major motion picture, starring Dean Cain as Detective Wood. Fans of the movie – and every pro-life American – should dive into this nationally bestselling book for a closer look into the shocking and gruesome crime of the century. Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer reveals…. How Kermit Gosnell would eat cereal or snack on sandwiches – while performing abortions. How Gosnell carelessly allowed “that Indian woman,” Karnamaya Mongar, to die a bloody death. How Gosnell’s employees admitted to snipping the necks of hundreds of breathing babies. How Tom Ridge, a “pro-choice” Republican governor, put a stop to Pennsylvania Health Department inspections for seventeen years. How Sherry West, the clinic employee whose mental health problems, drug addiction, and Hepatitis C infection, were well known to Gosnell, overdosed, maltreated, and abused patients for years. How new mother and prosecutor Assistant District Attorney Christine Wechsler found herself having to cut open the skulls of forty-seven dead babies during the investigation. How the pro-abortion media blacked out what should have been the trial of the century – and how they were finally shamed into covering the case. Why Kermit Gosnell, unrepentant murderer, expects to be vindicated by history.
