rank: 13
weeks_on_list: 11
primary_isbn10: 0307886271
primary_isbn13: 9780307886279
publisher: Three Rivers
description: Observations from the comedy writer and actress.
title: Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?
author: Mindy Kaling
amazon_product_url: http://www.amazon.com/Everyone-Hanging-Without-Other-Concerns-ebook/dp/B004JN1D3M?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2015/01/18
published_date: 2012-09-18
summary: NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • In this hilarious instant classic, the creator of The Mindy Project and Never Have I Ever invites readers on a tour of her life and her unscientific observations on romance, friendship, and Hollywood. “[Kaling is] like Tina Fey’s cool little sister. Or perhaps . . . the next Nora Ephron.”—The New York Times Mindy Kaling has lived many lives: the obedient child of immigrant professionals, a timid chubster afraid of her own bike, a Ben Affleck–impersonating Off-Broadway performer and playwright, and, finally, a comedy writer and actress prone to starting fights with her friends and coworkers with the sentence “Can I just say one last thing about this, and then I swear I’ll shut up about it?” Perhaps you want to know what Mindy thinks makes a great best friend (someone who will fill your prescription in the middle of the night), or what makes a great guy (one who is aware of all elderly people in any room at any time and acts accordingly), or what is the perfect amount of fame (so famous you can never get convicted of murder in a court of law), or how to maintain a trim figure (you will not find that information in these pages). If so, you’ve come to the right book, mostly! With several conveniently placed stopping points for you to run errands and make phone calls, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me? proves that Mindy Kaling really is just a Girl Next Door—not so much literally anywhere in the continental United States, but definitely if you live in India or Sri Lanka. Praise for Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me? “Where have you been all our lives, Mindy?”—Glamour “Who wouldn’t want to hang out with Mindy Kaling? . . . [Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?] is like a mash note to comedy nerds.”—Time Out New York “Very funny.”—Boston Globe
