rank: 3
weeks_on_list: 1
primary_isbn10: 1250276217
primary_isbn13: 9781250276216
publisher: St. Martin's
description: A biography of the former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
title: Jackie
author: J. Randy Taraborrelli
amazon_product_url: https://www.amazon.com/dp/1250276217?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2023/08/06
published_data: 2023-07-18
summary: THE INSTANT NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER! From the New York Times bestselling author of Jackie, Janet & Lee comes a fresh and often startling look at the life of the legendary former first lady, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Based on hundreds of interviews with friends, family, and lovers over a thirty-year period—as well as previously unreleased material from the JFK Library—Kennedy historian J. Randy Taraborrelli paints an unforgettable new portrait of a woman whose flaws and contradictions only serve to make her even more iconic. “I have three lives,” Jackie told a former lover, “public, private and secret.” In this revealing biography, readers will become intimately familiar with all three. New insights from the book include: · Jackie’s cold feet before her wedding to Jack Kennedy and her secret plan to avoid moving into the White House with him. · Jackie's plan to meet with the woman with whom her husband, Aristotle Onassis, was again having an affair, Maria Callas...and why, in the end, she decided against it. · The truth about the nude photos of Jackie which scandalized her in the 1970s...and which family member had betrayed her by selling them. · Her unusual relationship with Maurice Templesman, which was never what outsiders believed it to be. · The never-before-reported, last-ditch efforts to save Jackie’s life with experimental cancer treatments, and the doctor who wouldn’t risk jail time in order to treat her. Twenty-nine years after her death and sixty years after the assassination of President Kennedy, Jackie delivers the last word on one of the most famous women in the world.
author_new0: J. Randy Taraborrelli
