rank: 12
weeks_on_list: 1
primary_isbn10: 0316564400
primary_isbn13: 9780316564403
publisher: Little, Brown Spark
description: A memoir by the Holocaust survivor who was first referred to as Lies Goosens in Anne Frank’s diary.
title: My Friend Anne Frank
author: Hannah Pick-Goslar with Dina Kraft
amazon_product_url: https://www.amazon.com/dp/0316564400?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2023/07/02
published_data: 2023-06-06
summary: The long‑awaited, moving memoir of Holocaust survivor Hannah Pick‑Goslar, who shares an intimate look into her life and friendship with Anne Frank. In 1933, Hannah Pick-Goslar and her family fled Nazi Germany to live in Amsterdam, where she struck up a close friendship with her next-door neighbor: an outspoken and fun-loving young girl named Anne Frank. For several years, the inseparable pair enjoyed a carefree childhood of games, sleepovers, and treats with the other children in their neighborhood of Rivierenbuurt. But in 1942, Hannah and Anne's lives abruptly changed forever. As the Nazi occupation of Amsterdam progressed, Anne and the Frank family seemingly vanished, leaving behind unmade beds and dishes in the sink--but no trace of Anne's precious diary. Torn apart from her dear friend without warning, Hannah was tormented over Anne's fate, wondering if she had, by some miracle, managed to escape danger. In this long‑awaited memoir, Hannah Pick-Goslar shares the incredible story of her childhood during the Holocaust, from the introduction of anti-Jewish laws in Amsterdam, to the gradual disappearance of classmates and, eventually, the Frank family, to Hannah and her family's imprisonment in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. While Hannah chronicles the experiences of her own life during and after the war, she provides a searing look at what countless children endured at the hands of the Nazi regime, as well as an intimate, never‑before‑seen portrait of the most recognizable victim of the Holocaust. Culminating in an astonishing fateful reunion, My Friend Anne Frank is the profoundly moving story of childhood and friendship during one of the darkest periods of the world's history.
author_new0: Hannah Pick-Goslar
author_new1: Dina Kraft
