rank: 17
weeks_on_list: 0
primary_isbn10: 0061980412
primary_isbn13: 9780061980411
publisher: Dey Street
description: The autobiography of Moore, who played James Bond seven times between 1973 and 1985. Originally published in 2008.
title: My Word Is My Bond
author: Roger Moore
amazon_product_url: http://www.amazon.com/My-Word-Bond-Memoir-ebook/dp/B001AO0I2U?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2016/05/29
published_date: 2009-10-06
summary: One of the most recognizable big-screen stars of the past half-century, Sir Roger Moore played the role of James Bond longer than any other actor. Beginning with the classic Live and Let Die, running through Moonraker and A View to a Kill, Moore brought his finely honed wit and wry charm to one of Hollywood's most beloved and long-lasting characters. Still, James Bond was only one in a lifetime of roles stretching back to Hollywood's studio era, and encompassing stardom in theater and television on both sides of the Atlantic. From The Saint to Maverick, Warner Brothers to MGM, Hollywood to London to extreme locations the world over, Roger Moore's story is one of the last of the classic Hollywood lives as yet untold. Until now. From the dying days of the studio system and the birth of television, to the quips of Noël Coward and David Niven, to the bedroom scenes and outtakes from the Bond movies, Moore has seen and heard it all. Nothing is left out—especially the naughty bits. The "special effects" by which James Bond unzipped a dress with a magnet; the spectacular risks in The Spy Who Loved Me's opening scene; and Moore's preparation for facing down villains (he would imagine they all have halitosis): the stories in My Word is My Bond are priceless. Throughout his career, Moore hobnobbed with the glamorous and powerful, counting Elizabeth Taylor, Jane Seymour, and Cary Grant among his contemporaries and friends. Included are stories of a foul-mouthed Milton Berle, a surly Richard Burton, and a kindhearted Richard Kiel, infamous as Bond enemy Jaws. As much as it is Moore's own exceptional story, My Word is My Bond is a treasure trove of Hollywood history.
