rank: 20
weeks_on_list: 0
primary_isbn10: 0062322842
primary_isbn13: 9780062322845
publisher: Harper
description: An investigative reporter complains of harassment and intimidation by the Obama administration.
title: Stonewalled
author: Sharyl Attkisson
amazon_product_url: http://www.amazon.com/Stonewalled-Obstruction-Intimidation-Harassment-Washington/dp/0062322842?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2014/12/07
published_date: 2014-11-04
summary: New York Times Bestseller Seasoned CBS reporter and author of The Smear, Sharyl Attkisson reveals how she has been electronically surveilled while digging deep into the Obama Administration and its scandals, and offers an incisive critique of her industry and the shrinking role of investigative journalism in today’s media. Americans are at the mercy of powerful figures in business and government who are virtually unaccountable. The Obama Administration in particular has broken new ground in its monitoring of journalists, intimidation and harassment of opposition groups, and surveillance of private citizens. Sharyl Attkisson has been a journalist for more than thirty years. During that time she has exposed scandals and covered controversies under both Republican and Democratic administrations. She has also seen the opponents of transparency go to ever greater lengths to discourage and obstruct legitimate reporting. Attkisson herself has been subjected to “opposition research” efforts and spin campaigns. These tactics increased their intensity as she relentlessly pursued stories that the Obama Administration dismissed. Stonewalled is the story of how her news reports were met with a barrage of PR warfare tactics, including online criticism, as well as emails and phone calls up the network chain of command in an effort to intimidate and discourage the next story. In Stonewalled, Attkisson recounts her personal tale, setting it against the larger story of the decline of investigative journalism and unbiased truth telling in America today.
