rank: 13
weeks_on_list: 2
primary_isbn10: 1620972255
primary_isbn13: 9781620972250
publisher: New Press
description: The Berkeley sociologist interviews members of the Tea Party in Louisiana.
title: Strangers In Their Own Land
author: Arlie Russell Hochschild
amazon_product_url: https://www.amazon.com/Strangers-Their-Own-Land-Mourning-ebook/dp/B01EEQ9BSW?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2016/12/04
published_date: 2016
summary: 2016 NATIONAL BOOK AWARD FINALIST FOR NONFICTION A 2016 NEW YORK TIMES NOTABLE BOOK NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER A NEWSDAY TOP 10 BOOK OF THE YEAR A KIRKUS BEST BOOK OF 2016 One of "6 Books to Understand Trump's Win" according to the New York Times the day after the election "This is a smart, respectful and compelling book." --The New York Times Book Review "Satisfying... [Hochschild's] analysis is overdue at a time when questions of policy and legislation and even fact have all but vanished from the public discourse." --The New York Review of Books "Hochschild moves beyond the truism that less affluent voters who support small government and tax cuts are voting against their own economic interest." --O Magazine In Strangers in Their Own Land, the renowned sociologist Arlie Hochschild embarks on a thought-provoking journey from her liberal hometown of Berkeley, California, deep into Louisiana bayou country--a stronghold of the conservative right. As she gets to know people who strongly oppose many of the ideas she famously champions, Hochschild nevertheless finds common ground and quickly warms to the people she meets--among them a Tea Party activist whose town has been swallowed by a sinkhole caused by a drilling accident--people whose concerns are actually ones that all Americans share: the desire for community, the embrace of family, and hopes for their children. Strangers in Their Own Land goes beyond the commonplace liberal idea that these are people who have been duped into voting against their own interests. Instead, Hochschild finds lives ripped apart by stagnant wages, a loss of home, an elusive American dream--and political choices and views that make sense in the context of their lives. Hochschild draws on her expert knowledge of the sociology of emotion to help us understand what it feels like to live in "red" America. Along the way she finds answers to one of the crucial questions of contemporary American politics: why do the people who would seem to benefit most from "liberal" government intervention abhor the very idea?
