rank: 14
weeks_on_list: 1
primary_isbn10: 0812998391
primary_isbn13: 9780812998399
publisher: Spiegel & Grau
description: A medium describes the development of her gift, offers accounts of people's reunions with departed loved ones and presents lessons for living.
title: The Light Between Us
author: Laura Lynne Jackson
amazon_product_url: http://www.amazon.com/The-Light-Between-Us-Stories-ebook/dp/B00TNDOYHA?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2015/12/13
published_date: 2015-10-27
summary: NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER • For readers of Proof of Heaven, the astonishing story of a woman with an extraordinary psychic gift—and a powerful message from the Other Side that can help us to live more beautifully in the here and now. Laura Lynne Jackson is a wife, a mother, a high school English teacher—and a psychic medium. Where most believe an impenetrable wall divides the world between the living and the dead, Jackson sees brilliant cords of light. She has dedicated her life to exploring our connection to the Other Side, conversing with departed loved ones, and helping people come to terms with loss. In The Light Between Us, she writes with clarity and grace, addressing the eternal questions that vex us all: Why are we here? What happens when we die? How do we find our true path in this life? Laura Lynne Jackson’s story offers a new understanding of the vast reach of our consciousness and enlarges our view of the human experience. Praise for The Light Between Us “A brilliant milestone marking our passage toward comprehending the deeper truths of our existence.”—Eben Alexander, M.D., author of Proof of Heaven and The Map of Heaven “I read The Light Between Us with great joy, savoring the wonderful stories and messages of hope. It is a book filled with wisdom and love, exploring the deep bonds that keep us eternally connected to our soul mates.”—Brian L. Weiss, M.D., author of Many Lives, Many Masters “A spiritual game-changer . . . For those suffering a terrible loss, you will find peace and comfort in her story. For those who question the afterlife, you will become a believer.”—Laura Schroff, co-author of An Invisible Thread “Straightforward, unassuming, and profoundly generous . . . Brave, honest, and beautiful, this book is a treasure.”—Mark Epstein, M.D., author of Going to Pieces Without Falling Apart “One of the most insightful and inspiring books about mediumship I have ever read.”—Gary E. Schwartz, author of The Afterlife Experiments and The Sacred Promise
