rank: 10
weeks_on_list: 2
primary_isbn10: 1478976675
primary_isbn13: 9781478976677
publisher: Center Street
description: The radio host discusses the challenges President Trump faces as he strives to fulfill his promises.
title: Trump'S War
author: Michael Savage
amazon_product_url: https://www.amazon.com/Trumps-War-His-Battle-America/dp/1478976675?tag=NYTBSREV-20
list_date: 2017/04/09
published_date: 2017-03-14
summary: #1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER The wall, taxes, tariffs, deportations, Obamacare, guns, military strength, schools, abortion, religion - what will the new president do? The "Godfather of Trumpmania," Michael Savage, examines the initial appointments, speeches, tweets and history of Donald Trump and offers his insights and analysis. The man many consider to be the determining factor in driving Trump over the finish line by motivating millions of undecideds and the "Deplorables," who would have otherwise sat out the election, provides a crucial first look at the early direction of the Trump presidency. Savage has waged a twenty-five year war on the radio to save America's borders, language and culture from a progressive onslaught that is already turning Europe into a socialist, multiculturalist nightmare, where violent gangs of radical Islamic refugees terrorize defenseless citizens on a daily basis. While most in the chattering classes around the world dismissed Trump's campaign, conservative radio icon Dr. Michael Savage championed Trump's platform and helped him galvanize the support of disaffected middle Americans left behind by the globalist central planners in their distant capitol. Savage's army of listeners on The Savage Nation was instrumental in electing Donald Trump to take the fight to Washington. But electoral victory was only the beginning. Trump now has an even bigger challenge in delivering on the promises he made to millions of American voters. He faces relentless opposition from special interests in both parties who stand to lose trillions if Trump's America First policies become the law of the land. Dr. Michael Savage has been on the front line of this fight for decades and knows what Trump and his administration are up against. He lays out a path to victory for the new, conservative American revolutionaries in Trump's War.
